fix sasquatch remote bug (#1831)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center Data

* **[Fix]** Reduce retries on Data-related operations to fail fast and avoid the perception of calls "hanging".

> * **[Fix]** Fix an issue where delegate method `data:didCompletePendingOperation:forDocument:withError:` would throw and exception if not implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue where the optional delegate method `data:didCompletePendingOperation:forDocument:withError:` would throw an exception if not implemented (when using `MSData.setRemoteOperationDelegate`).
```
